org/javacord/nijicord/command/EightBallCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.EightBallCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/spreadsheet/SheetsCredential.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.spreadsheet.SheetsCredential
org/javacord/nijicord/command/NijiAddMember.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.NijiAddMember
org/javacord/nijicord/db/model/MemberModel.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.model.MemberModel
org/javacord/nijicord/spreadsheet/SheetsService.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.spreadsheet.SheetsService
org/javacord/nijicord/db/model/NicknameModel.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.model.NicknameModel
org/javacord/nijicord/command/CopyAvatarCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.CopyAvatarCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/spreadsheet/ReadSheets.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.spreadsheet.ReadSheets
org/javacord/nijicord/db/InsertMemberDB.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.InsertMemberDB
org/javacord/nijicord/db/model/SocialModel.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.model.SocialModel
org/javacord/nijicord/db/model/InserMemberModel.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.model.InserMemberModel
org/javacord/nijicord/command/UserInfoCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.UserInfoCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/exception/UnimplementedParameterException.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.exception.UnimplementedParameterException
org/javacord/nijicord/command/DieCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.DieCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/command/SubmitCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.SubmitCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/command/WhoisCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.WhoisCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/db/MemberDB.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.MemberDB
org/javacord/nijicord/db/SocialDB.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.SocialDB
org/javacord/nijicord/db/MySQLAdapter.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.MySQLAdapter
org/javacord/nijicord/command/OptionCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.OptionCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/db/NicknameDB.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.NicknameDB
org/javacord/nijicord/Main.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.Main
org/javacord/nijicord/command/UpdateCommand.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.command.UpdateCommand
org/javacord/nijicord/db/UpdateDB.java
 org.javacord.nijicord.db.UpdateDB
